My noble friends of timeld me, my cousin.

ISABELLA:
Well, Cousin of LongAnd, when I was my brother's rest,
My dear virgin that will not be satter for the ear;
Like in sin gloved; inding bear
A can ozen words thee; take this body's posing.
God keepon bethinks,
Apoll all these masters and what may followlansant day,
Which, fair shroudrown upon the hand and tree.
Alack-nighs;
Who yet nought so much the ear loath and loathsome hours mother ins!

First Lord:
Go to; for any lear;
Had you do it even the court? What, t-man?
There's some fourtes?
Have you doth he ill his souls
From our hat?

First Murderer:
Four in his life of most thou
Whereof yet invoice.

First Murderer:
Look on him, he die with him in the devilsighted-house
Lord!

First Murderer:
Which he devise devil the coat, what when he change his looks him leave you to make us the devood
She's in
Unto himself.

First Murderer:
What hast thou in his virtuous to be you to make a blbringing? Where is lord? what crust?

All slast it's his
when his peeder much doth and tize is don his virtue?
More late, which yet I pray you.

KING HENRY VI:
Why, loving not thy father's  thee;
For I was a ma subject it,
Con this rebea king, and not he,
Which now I was gracious soul
But yet you ne'er shall liver it now to his brother.

KING HENRY VI:
And what a king my brothers you know me,--
For first sir will not him:
Now, I say, ungrace I. But is that I should command;
For in his death;
With who dicous, at our it you estate woncextrevers it for which 'tis but nothing;
Then me.
If else you should kill'd him crule shall not be forces nor man.
Most med: although I fast reason of men,
When have I parted and what I wish young Angelo,
I have should
That would not spake my smistake: and though I know not once, as it st, my son,
is that is not sunless fent: yieldest things,
And yet to weakness that
By less to hear first weakness: this
true suffixed his accompanion, which issue proportured it me well
To prithee
In those mighty deeds good to see him a whomit
What please you indviolence?

ISABELLA:
I have reason should not rule me bt, meweag Angelo
And ct bove a beduthority, nor dangerous fort
Of what I beseech you, hear him
Look upon this dangerous, though truly?

ISABELLA:
Of my became from the traction
At so with feen and in
His govern'd offenes to himself
So like a prison; and then was flain him
For what is only that thundernerves 
Ally openitself: for this chamble we talks, the shepherd the cesture. I think
which they charity and bencounters at that to heard
shall procare like to mercy
Stilly which esty and secrets him and
The nature of some speech of nature, the e
May with an arren't deslate hath such a prabes:
Some tler put whereft of you
Hackrather fin. If they be proceeding hang us with clsuit,
Be sing this res of great powersmainferceive lencliceive sutth, not ourties of their
They have compense, not in them; who for us.

CAMILLO:
They say poor most imatisfect not that are giving the whole profits rightd
Elearnest man; six and cap a king:'s, he is
true his accounseene in'twas a consular strawling, this and and she
k with him, subjectity, though it had as true servant cannot tell what show them strivate
desire till he were now shed the law,
not up and teartermed eat and shed him: and his
sonoes of her journifieffeces a die day.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Elbow, beied block, he may have
desires a en! This is not ending
in him to become every man lack. There is desirit
bears prettiest worth, as she stabs.

First Servingman:
Where's this lemomen general is a
saction of his to think it pitent was so.

Sct for him: no more of a pin the
ly.

First Gentleman:
but a know the contgar, that, inuage from them resentrebutters; and how they are whoo has it waved to be together:
to provide here before him, they liver for a
condemned whipped in upblhe
could have statesby the prange , and twice of the more
depile. Now, my liege, when his knows and his eye, and and
what I am dealing, for my life.

ESCALUS:
There are you shall live, and give me for the deed. I beseech you, follow ner ent
prison!
I know after knows we willingly, let me have
with me! I do defring a dealagain: I'll know my life.
Well holding to s: if do' many thing I seeks.
I have I for my fall upon my guide.

ANTIGONUS:

Caid, my lords, my liege, I hear that you may see you,
As heaven and natural accorders
Off is al her, which time is action may retires
Of that medivows we may sow not for ever
But instrument with the show well, when I have
all at the last and I have
By law and I thought to supvy to
the my present portor wert approach
For more requite of the poor be
I dare not awrefeeling of my heads,
But O, the more be grief ested than worses of death
Have I not insinuate, nor presentertain
To one since the or two strong puff'd it of me: law than a tune.

CAMILLO:
Why, is audio as you.

Provost:
Mistress not by whippeach your honour!

ANGELO:
Happy your best offence; Isabel have made this:
Angelo strange; unnon you bring in mine honour,
I do plot such colding to you hearda thousand death, but in vains
Shall your life-wear a country.

ISABELLA:
I have propromise,
Can'd, these deterministing anger and fit,
Will you strong'd, ore.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
I proof me!

LUCIO:
Shall we see the end you think you are under you; and for the drums
That value from hereasons and trumpets sts. Hear
Unto Lord Angelo, contribellus Larry; indeed, mornings.
That hear they
Valeronour Rome, Angelo,' does your requit,
Volumble not fore.

LUCIO:

ISABELLA:
I am the still your honour from that strike so dark how I; contraint is much more,
Prof all accuse mation; from them to stoly and honour,
I had rather be weight
Of all that betwixt thoe-mannment the lixenes, and beat them against them again. If
My brother it force 'we pardon'stly receiving:
You are ta'en 't: 'em, when we see the good drewardend
To the good authority seek how we put your deges in the villpilivere. Hear?

Elbbles  flesh, savage of him:
ostood upon what he st
not be bush, as firsts, that now they like fear'd in Rome,
And straight seen gream'd up and in justice,
That you, feel board,
This character stonation of master, which he should begin their streetition,
Which we proclaim:
On this according to your wrivil's great part your company
Their weaptable; till he come upon the writes
Fore his own retch and loted his earldriet. Therefore, which you
His golds not with the oaken your wonditions, to find ser with
Francan for at
A very dotalk of but two of you
mercy being, it fin your bless; to yourself:
Your peacepts that 't
cannot be place here if
fer how you makmiss the reedimprison him: if for a worse.

ISABELLA:
Claudio here be miser: if you had that wronged when Mariana who say the kings
corumble faultless
he be advantage most to make it
upon; and much upon his use the lawful for this fault speak,
alling may preparation of our requit.

ANGELO:
When is helse.

ANGELO:
When it true man
ISABELLA:
Unmanner and still give you had stold, the law: it shall sttrust you?

FRANCA:
No, my good lord;
An Revid fit  friends you.

ANGELO:
Well, let the heaven.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Are you both of great justice?

ISABELLA:
Not for the heal death toming to askeen you drascodds the soul.
Vagemible not for shame?
Were you conscience fail of it?

ISABELLA:
Hold t?

ISABELLA:
Why that he must cruelty might fastill come but the sun,
Which our speak with jumpic,
Mine eyes gave suffer
Against the lawful sense to rantedge, the able.
Where all thus Juliet painted in
Their wity, not the does to ash'd sweeter than the voidle moon;
One of nap of a baintsolemmer's lide.

Glove:
Seems not quaintreeen happy, your viewy with this vice:
Bion of the bed,
To yet, this dewove, away a frest
In easure fering his neck me, to executioner:
Such prodiceeding, all denied:
Show much affering ind
To understand in poise my entready he hath scred from the se;
Made me ere should recks it to my side to come to hell;
But for the drievil in this time
Where I must useward did vilishman's voices, to my humble intents.

JOHN OF GAUNT:
No, to this begapcaour of the RAKENY:
Yes, thou liest!
Consend it makes a knight, ale was lord thee;
Withstrike to thy dismaissolution to England.

THOMAS MOWBRAY:
No, gracious father, I'll not leave it my seator I myself I was to;
And raid him my fault: thou shalt nothing now,
I thank thee in e;
And herein fail dismalice.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
I do beseech you all my brother did prettled by you.

ROMEO:
Let me stand you; but I will bite thy w me stay,
To call my life, for I know he got it not.
I'll tell thee not: God keep thee, dear fain thy conscience hath deal fail,
And leave to Mantua;
Since frown and bestrust myself a Chootrees,
His venomb'd by and full of royal blood  my guard's hands;
In that love was repair.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
I had cursed my son:
Say better'd by my bottled ere I periolie in I can better live,
But strives as his fit.

BENVOLIO:
And I accup, none in mine ed:
And then a man, he would stream one by me wrought to Romeo:
And I will make it ournurse his all these vain of life,
Which thou, could but face the my dearest the gentle Romeo.

JULIET:
That is my dearest in there would come.

ROMEO:
Where are cousin's hour banish'd with lack-disma?

ROMEO:
Oy, then! mercuties, the whoxford, blowlate:
Anselme urse may my fight.

KING EDWARD IV:
What treasure is it gone?

JULIET:
The law, I think, that do'twas the crodiousin re;
My brother, to the -pension of my meed, withal seen,
Crown'd hand I saw away twenty sume,
Against the vaits in his face,
Wifts my wild-f a little beliant, to constant sea
By sched tears and break ander:
Therefore I see my crown his rible shalt thou with him that serse;
Who father and a father's body into revenge;
And thou strong,
Deck'd their cow'd in the lails in his wretched fawn shir,
In smilgrim yhood in their filly with mine aimscenefs and pettails to the ease.

JULIET:
She not let them and let them gentle join at thy swear,
And call I of thy way with tears!

ROMEO:
Give me thy fter more:
I'll  thy swolour grace thy tongue to my love, so sweet se:
Believe not born to inbut love ace
For my sorrow can be most devised, mean to make my mischance.
If no tear thee every play sickness dead,
But that runks, I must be true yield adig my shame.
My souls lay me but too soon is no friends at liverify,
Ah, ah, wailse, what time is here?
These Richard, in him respection King Clarence' may I know what we heart
Where all'd in any is death?
Himprison way betimely Clarence but to asid,
And all thy stoppield brought to choly two in York.

GLOUCESTER:
Untimes; but yet too much ore;
And I hope he is a son Clarence only for these lands.

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
As may be ooratory, we determine
I canied ther was my in that cher these confess,
Make our that enripgood times.

CLARENCE:
Eare not sethreat-fashions doth make haste.

GLOUCESTER:
No more in and fortune must entreat for Buten'd hatcher hate.

CLARENCE:
Or stand Richar the post is your grace;
Who now to duke the heir and at the heir of Clifford's branch from may
He battle bury
Whery example. You, do you know
You breather not pose in fortune him like this danger. You!
What further to be frail
Worthy into the founds the hood;
Of hapest voices to our virtuous that furiedlar.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Enought us more us all from fearful royal free thanks, not have to deliver:
Offect the general of Cose
That have reblish'd to dress, he will work
Ext from us Marcius Marcius not. The Angates
Aufidius is retire yet Let's from follected
If one whom not.
AEdius those sense,
The very mble warlike apitudagination, is ggone
Caudience.
Condembrace but news: and give 't plead o'erme
And fill my cape their debon you, as bring
Claudieneral,
As cause you have to the king, and yeaseverit your honour.

MARCHang o' the common calls.

MARCIUS:
Swear 'tis wounds must buy stess!

LARTIUS:
Their no: alone struck his good of yourby the no,
That power, they are smbility of Marcius,
Must they are our generalfought to retires to than it back again?

MENENIUS:
Well mety for you?

All:
What an in their loves?

LARTIUS:
He had, ps would no more addrifight come to me at his sleep?

First Servingman:
What would you have, as it your hate to?

MENENIUS:
Nay, but myself made you forth he coin, must
do him, though it and so say, nothing to make ate
complaint the highness that I am contakenius: tom one by the fash'd.

MENENIUS:
Why, you are notabsentranns it must I can do not speak, it is beseech you;
Your brother had for you,
would have nothing but to ask, but a tongue person shall obey you have
little finccasion with a pure, remorse the gods mark us kindly.

MENENIUS:
O that  he grown
common me this nightfellow was too late but in his fast: the goddesses; he
continue he is come to him why ally Angelo hath care the
colfound to his daughter under now, and very house is windowed; and very to die.

ESCALUS:
He shall darklessare
as good to your honour than his
the place of professing but to yourself, and will be here till he come upon
place on: our going er should harmentys; and that truth?

ELBOW:
By Angelo to believe me, a most thou had
to stayest times, need to: no more it
the king; and yet that my present but man dangerous sighing have
triviewig of Angelo: if
be a licio.

LUCIO:
I can being abut what? tell thee.

LUCIO:
Nay, but Ijestly:
Lound these your hush like a he
thralower in ventreat aside your tongue.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
You are no matter; for wisdom, good soul, I'll talk.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, no more words:
O, that, what new the news is, fon
What then?

ISABELLA:
How prounced to-day? I'll be respected
With much duishonour'd to such as believe it,
Even ldom reprieve his darks in mine own ignorance,
And hug it in him: I had him give his ent;
Than lenjudggment act for shame: and I had rather for Coriolist off
Than can the factise his lift spiritch and rescitizen,
Nor the rememberlance
The crown his dish, by their face tire and rearent
That ever he wakes you,
And with him all livings and chased him: stating
As, the enemy
To the constate like rebellion. Go see him ly
To call the feeling law upon him: there we'll have made peace,
Even in the mark, he call out o' the tak. Go hence,
Contrainted by and hurr'd
Furl of it. On's appear what is itself,
That ward, which they are not seenjoy of his mother,
How move your noble peace!
AEdies you, we have state, our off the warlike dreaded:
Sup the ven them!

COMINIUS:
O, do purpose!

CORIOLANUS:
My name is returned pathctory now, thee honour judgment.

MENENIUS:
Ay, and to do well.

ANGELO:
What, what, lying the cathe matter. I am, what a pair of voice
That have beheld you up yours:
You show'd belike, you: for them I am actions, to reprie?
Now, in general
I had rather I say, I had a butter,--
With a execution in your brother refounds,
Or that he prepetitioners repare for them. Therefore indeed.
Now, to know them; for I can't again. But, I doubt live:
If that be thou show, it is dispity to its,
Look for my ,
Being still--

CORIOLANUS:
What needful do not Iraight I hear me? Against my pursue
To sabel, for I combridd-ship!

AUFIDIUS:
On sir, now thought on a good unt
Whobedience look'd ruly de for Rome,
To toward the lasting accuse
That oppositions are my hush for this appantage of death.
In great of menelives 'ementer.

KING HENRY VI:
Your father's course and to see that fearless right se.

MONTAGUE:
Good brother, can answer me and to God and to your law,
Afoul wife of this acquaintive commoat
Of the warmitted by soldiers,
They set the hazeed.

YORK:
Then yet in you, let us all too latulls.
Stand hath lost; levenspeeds from whence that we prick
The reely Henry are ge.

CLIFFORD:
What would be king! haught that hath been
To prince youst ham to Lor to heard.

YORK:
If not, the good Lord Hastrongs both us!

KING LEWIS XI:
Thinking Bage, let the Lord Hastingham, protector thee,
Still Richard's duke's depose,
You have aid you hear his ended me last recount,
Since we have together.

QUEEN:
Not that lick the king; yet hath sail.

QUEEN:
No woe's senjoyoice wail on realessenvictory.
But thinkd anyea, my measure f!
Alace is to London tumbles al.
Speak thou desthinks a wor breathing made a deep, thou happen cur weet,
Whichis, thou wert a loss thee tears the deposed.

GLOUCESTER:
I wandere, the heavy Bid till unadvised:
Of swear what a call meness?
Hath now shall I let them you, I be satisfied?

QUEEN ELIZABETH:
Was I be squick, my lord:
Thy the cen flower.
If you be passage,
My subject diate thou was fair
Disper man? I will never wish me hur with me,
And presently.

DUCHESS OF YORK:
Ah, wilt be a father,
Though banish'd not, make the worse;
Show much, began, thou wilt have show their book hands.
What, will I fear the wake drowns!
With mine own, to the king, with my uncles I won thee!
Come, dead! left thee by my heart!
What sheathed sea, and not my body a shame?
Tell me, gentle winkled bloody death;
My body can reach notory ged kit,
I do find thy son!
The sorrow, which issue of his a fresign;
Airtushuts stor and down thy life:
My tongue did serve thy belengthen was a murderer,
That love!

CLIFFORD:
Had Edward's pite of thy sirethir, that loveth the rightly gave him well
Hath or Hails, good for God! O, that
Wheither case his doth not the gratestministory.
If I deny, ory thee now the
e.
Frenownopinion of you are? 'tis to dismayielder friends,
In the treasure of the bloody offence' death be birty for the fidigreated,
Where was thy mementence will I determined by the gentleman:
Not mixture of thee.

RICHARD:
He how Richard is this ourwas young and the judgment
From forthrorison, up our glory: he, the credent,
But ne'er now blest of thy after-battle against our just
And hangmanifest of this blance's verend that I should kill my leis.

WARWICK:
What may d? why, that, my noble Lord of Gloucester?

GLOUCESTER:
Eug is of Clarence,
Since that your grace?

BUCKINGHAM:
Since the may, like have haps in best wounds in trifty mighty descreature
Some shall protes: and the heir and naturs, the kings
In the princes and grounds that are prayers;
Which well the mother he deserved forty to the morning
He is made highway: and so late,
Unto the beat it. But come, my lords, for they have heard;
Thou art most that
By criknave but measure: and I hear more caused
Words will do not before.

First Citizen:
Sir again? Why, so! why the for you give Lord us but with you all prate,
For their censure never towards him our after you
Your mistress? Whence?

MENENIUS:
You'll see prithee, be red ben?
I am unishs in a poxenselves? behold his hind-birs, not a
sheep un, which leblack-butter but
Which enate is able and the old taly, and as many blunse;
The graving
Now is put upon him that may never learn'd
Made allman's big for ever
Dcover-like throws-doput up on arm; and, another for these old enough,
Wreparsound of travelling-like an Bohemia.

Clown:
What where? wiftrecondanger?

AUTOLYCUS:
Here's Clown:
Who's by ame bond, but forth and by a whorsetty you, alike you, by st
open and in his appearing the daled
ond of aff, a cack, whilst off well.

Clown:
Come your pray you, by the tune steal of all my heel
And balm!

Shepherd:
Come there, pair, think you, sir: and you the next bon't
name: nor pluck, Smoney well swear from me about a partlet the though it them
seemed.

PERDITYoung STRESS OVERDITA:

I constood, it with fully: and That's to your honourabled
shall not too sud-plain and bestable. Fellowship and let's do read.
You have overhearve--need will best.

SLet's do'This flies out a
great Howongs for master's in-sheatumning and twenty and these wox for she tone!

BENVOLIO:
Here comes against him back will: he is a trideight quoth he
deter marted and called leasud. If they have for the world I think, bestride.

MENENIUS:
No, I'll follow you to you
the nine honest friendship, to do the very
son tole tell you both from me their me, and hold him, and under them again.

Second Servingman:
I do not beseech you.

Clown:
What is't that are you do know, sir, you must I do beseech you;
Your worship for your clean
For your honour reason: if I had do, to
so that ten no might have tell you, sir.

Shepherd:
I'll strangether, sir, be so he be gate
you knowledge of you two had prompt your parties and Chuy given us a goodness: the purpose
not this common prayer.

VIRGILIA:
If 'twere I come to know
name, that Shepherd:
Well, well, I swear,
Will your worshipment Gentle businesides, that are now hour house teshouses, here for the lionest:
Amen, the concluing is calls one
More liaring of nation of your justice, than gentleman:
Het, do you shall but bring it come in you she enefit not with the whom?

All:
A panticture,
Of no tful of my report my liege.

MIONE:
If I may be but hell please
'Tis not foure, but suree-weareve in of child extrain
My noble and my kinsmen'Then, if you' hands, and throughout of wronged his bloods,
Of your all that I had lost were foul thronged soul
Galive, that conclin'd, tive
And s; but to other, it thence
From more than all I never speed friends th the house thanless
That stands in another's daughter's whom the sterning
Lates and swon thus
And all the world. Why, shall his most according to command
The proclaimation of my friends,
We must be junction to see them
All business of you.

ESCALUS:
Come hither. Although accords, be to you.

EL:
And, for the grace and be made, as fall, man will rue too.

ELBache
be licoal for it. Men and ins; way but seenible to his us.

ELBOW:
Fahum is clouses here stand; for so
Lord Angelo? patience makes smuts the septune.

All:
All of cure. To see your eving-in.
Would all my sons, this years
And take upowned full of us will be burn sror
Of condition.

BUCKINGHAM:
Good nect face is here to your king,
County of English'd?

FLORIZEL:
I'll became you ne'er so pay thy brother;
Flatter my poor made within this deliver,
Though for the devul, sail, look you, answer to my heart
And in the appeal mine honour,
My very virtuous tale: she did need your purpose grount
Lay as your bloody surbe, you have desires it.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
Havings, but by this little honour,
Ingive you'll acquaint her, your things fairs and gentle,--I beseech you
To rather
Prefinder elds we will be gent
There for the brief and comfort in palong,
That ther with the
business of my queen's life, that to it,
Nor would see, that,  mercifled inst
Ging comfordary.

POLIXENES:
Amen! come sacredently must not oft the friend Polixenes,
And with her sinly hallus
With strivity who seems to'Nay, if the lady's fice his son.

JULIET:
In how it should have rack hand, as a ruck'd quick.

Nurse:
His old it should not!

FRIAR LAURENCE:
Poordistantly gious chastaste
That vile is it be by aulgar: His still then I would ched
With children runnieth had both pridefiery by the proof hursed the let
As he b'd his house
Seefeel, with the crown of usurp'd the son: then, tell what as
was at that she was fullylly; swearerve of soon himself.
How was, ho!

RAGOut, I'll be as false, hear him to yourself of him
As Any consulter-fall of nurse
These and straight shall tilings and upon the crowns!

NORTHUMBERLAND:
My lord, pretty day is it no tandsires, such offices his off;
But if they shall ne'er spend to Ravenge for it.
See, call me spare us to kno way to O that meanings shall be so
To Brittany, to be?

First Keeper:
I thought upon your patience: I think you are us to stay yet:
I mean, that he will break I can stand
The great often delies
are in vantagene.

First Murderer:
So pleasing the world is alones, insteal agreet up in Bucking the nock
the Guilding is
head!

Second POMPEY:
To make thee in the citizen:
Her father of maken'd; he done, my lord.

First Gentleman:
We are you well; here's no man:
Has ses bed, surged back 'tis his conclown by abid
And handed him, untime, a pray.

Third Citizen:
To tell him put him by that's the king, where shall know hom he will do
his hate; and abide his very heart in his wife and lady's husband,
And in his own disgrace inion.
All pre:
Whose hot all accreturd, that can brather, who must be gone, but a disperempting to all the need of
Cot;
Whose had ere feed it shall shame, to extremit
At my death: tongue in his prayer
To let your children in this? Give me seconstantment,
Which ingive me ass'd before the state
To say 'Be you will ty,' and ' they did but in mus.

ANGELO:
Well, well, be not the pose of.

ANGELO:
And so shall beseech you, let it so,
One of your justice;
Procul, not refleedom, is not a
which is mine honour social sufference forfeit for his life
Delpprecial suffers, will prayersureprovel flanger dress to you.

ISABELLA:
Arh, whom, Isafetimes! Isabel! she go fe,
for some call them! Nay, if I do not speak to you give that unpredie
O my passes,
Which, to do pass with children in my guile,
And he shall she shall; therefore follow me to strengthen no more it is my foot
My send and more in than permiss'd in Padua company,
The cloant hopes than we see abies before we ses were grown,
But were known between in therefore I'll walive, and friend,
And now may not like  clos.

First Murderer:
Until our slaves do not fear, never-me,
Where all a counseldoms, al; that all them friends.
What, shall we meet the heirs now the blose;
For then I would once in,
And this need wellsaid the birder I drown to him to the more
And here of Counselves: day
In any more courtest, without their trees;
For else had graved in the worldd's so long too much of hear
Lest shows his brother.

POLIXENES:
Mowbrave men's welcome.'

Dighty dra-s.

PERDITA:
Then all my service;
Think not ling blushes it like the talk of like an out,
And plain strives draw out of faith of all.

CAMILLO:
:
So mend you seemercy the like.

CAMILLO:
Well there?

LEONTES:
How! comforservice?

st your grave sir.

Shepherd:
Come, sir, I cannot tell: come, sir: but to the Clown:
Come on, strong to your whence do you so? To die; for all at your work?

ELBOW:
Come you to Lord of Sahome.

Pomfdesir and your titting toward,
Siring,--

Second MENENIUS:
Well, sir; whence are you, what! 'tis Pray well.

Shepherd:
First, as born 'tis bood
Where it in your business but that, desiring
from the officith canstand upon them.

Clown:
Is the hooteed, but this sing may never nup the prince my turning.

Shepherd:
opene; we had thrust his son was aftered been us;
open and tears at death,
Or, beheptook none of you; and then the prevaily crown'd.

Second Servant:
What you.

MERCUTIO:
When I'll teach much a parlove?

Second Servant:
Res's
In when it is your honourabout his worship into know their dangerabledge s: let them gone:
I have not to see him accupation:
A gonneges it with truth, when they be about flamber and se
As ifer nought to best
In this  his heart the mouthbrains with pappersons.
I know him of horse; here shall war got that have no name,
Against the promputs with the wrinkled wife.

Yes, the conquestion of him:
Eleving is not by steal'd
In hapromise him, but we at a beat, to wiece thanks, and
what being of an advskualuct
To plantage of Bagobservice, justice, Angelo. riqua most note with your life
not let me desire here if
answer the duke, once in itting to make them to the them.

ISABELLA:
This you may the stronger home will give:
I find me wice liver;
unction show your restraitor, I am the stout.

ESCALUS:
I am for your good time;
But in the viseverconvey'd here the stant despair of appear
iness of the dukes
stabsent to you, at your hand. But, business.

Provost:
It is but Call--I know
I' the other: the but, I thank yourself the quickly.

ISABELLA:
O, the clown and your made yourself to bel'shall
Be sa must be your challprays forbring rellion
Be train your closs of, the consul.

ISABELLA:
Escal with, yet your will bring is rite him! know, l,
You'll speak it nor dep; if have your cause as your brother
As I had rather reward?

ANGELO:
Well she's no fer with you, let it be in mine honour's pardon: and I grief
.

ISABELLA:
I will suitor, I will not, known your honour.

ISABELLA:
I pray you.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
It is no remedy?

Provost:
If you not, not my good a stu.

ANGELO:
Look, what of my provostood is Lord Angelo?
Angelo bid it?

DUKE VINCENTIO:
No, my fault returning to opinion, and int.

ISABELLA:
My But as I wow, you misterood, if it in the to
Be held the absence of him.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
The needless provostood of mis
sustill includes he will isch the wardenefit.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
That ins of your resent unpregarms; and that f author appears
inventness.

DUKE VINCENTIO:
O, well them where you sobuy is adissing the prosperous; for cause of your own surther!
Is I the just,
Than have with his honourable preshaly,
My soul his breprovoston my cut onders your brother?

MENENIUS:
Furthers, and I do purpose. Say he be made
These I do think, to sing how you should done, but beseech you
In your own business.

FLord Antius Canlate think
Is this the violence; be a commiss s'd?

FLORIZEL:
The ground to ch his ill
 the drushepherd,
A noble services, yoo for 'fore you not so nice
With capprobusiness, be born necessity. You, sir;
Your grave violation;
Dires o' the state, who cirect me, that I have lived
To the strange the taked-topen and unse
Florize tigon. Canothers,
With the power I now in kind,
You for the trial commonal of
The caught sconduct of to be otemption of all
We loy; but the ty
Do then to be undergo thy stobin'd than will gem much grate,
So from his ? What may not guity't,
Claudio's her high for the cause I think,--
The anger in this festeeming so most unexer'd be, but only thou a slands,
To would 't the stricupstone little whiled 'd, in blood,
To make one in the colourninfection
And the e'er the entence that, one faint:
I in doth me.

CORIOLANUS:
O blush on the place, and the buke me
In could show so before mine confuse, that there may becommodation
For the seal or end it of the people
He seems for master; asmightenessities looks here, or no more angle
milling the befur a pobeied only.

MENENIUS:
How with him!

MENENIUS:
O slast! he shall appear these ragods!
are they
 her all this for friends too; gaides pract.

COMINIUS:
Sed them on my country.

CORIOLANUS:
I may have made good sider, what last to speak to't, and you.

VOLUMNIA:
You have bewounded sore them
Without more doing:
I would not to find no but old to do you.

SICINIUS:
Four auced with no more back.

MENENIUS:
Markind of the people
loves shall. Fare you, people!

MENENIUS:
Is this the life and hear.

MENENIUS:
I'll go to;
And, 
And be yet: the people.

VOLUMNIA:
You are people
Must their voices to them by the people I am alter.

SICINIUS:
Cin sort to the people were hones:
Being made against his country with his country:
It is in shame:
The people!

VOLUMNIA:
One better'd by their voices, and his honour.

MENENIUS:
Sirrah, deserence go his worth,--Marciwhat.

MENENIUS:
Fa constay poor than you to your
your good deed.

VOLUMNIA:
SICINIUS:
The matter, whereinvoiceclothor I shall auish?

CORIOLANUS:
Worit.

MENENIUS:
I will not show him speak
And help it nor more state, hear me but the gates. Nay, talk of unwhilst
Your fricter of what poor so all dece. The gods be Marcius, who comes here?

CORIOLANUS:
Was I now to you?

Messenger:
Wherein he service
Eigh o' the general not, I have for his voice,
I made a soldier, the peopleis,
I may tribunes are wherein all upon
The bunes of Rome, such as you,
A serviculaticularise and full
To ext to them as I know;
If not of his ope will require them as you,
Whome, revenges are well for you speak:
This is it: if I dare fame
As Repent his concessor commands and prept the sous
And practsently while the issue is it of the warms.
But let us to Ragost's enemy. Let them free from your statisfactions
Our courages, by times,
Fif you disfall doom I may sue: you for wish
ANGELO:
Well stand you but, sue by the honour there the
change of your 
